hey get from stony creek north to Canada
and why did you come across Purple's
resolve we're just looking for want to
come with Caribbean for nice vacation
march spray we're looking for something
reasonable we've been the Dominican
Republic a few times nothing wrong with
it but always had a desire to come to
Jamaica and the price beat everything
and looking at this place now is best
choice we made you brought pizza long
drop off their children yeah okay so you
got the nannies to exactly that means
even watch can go off and children gotta
use the water fight 10,000 times today
excellent we call her videos over then
gorgeous view like this is beachfront
thank you okay my name is Errol dude
labayda and your pump from leaving
Florida where we from Brazil okay for a
not very far and what stuff like
traveling with little babe oh that's so
look at those eyes holy smokes what does
he get oh is it a heat yes he or didn't
get this Lucas will get those ice from
that's it's fine actually we didn't find
any hard here's quite nice so very good
and live and the hotel is very good
about having kids so it seemed to be
really you know design for it they
planned for must must be everything
listen we've come here for a couple
years and we love it because it's right
by the sand is relaxing it's not and
it's family friend getting to be tried
to get her seen having back what they
said she was available Oh which is
trevor was so it's too bad it was just a
bit of I guess I was just an oversight
but we decide you know this one is
justice lovely and we see the other
nanny around every day and we have a
great we discovered this a bit late
because our kids I'm your wish we
discovered it with our kids are really
ok because it's perfect when your kids
are ready but then you really get the
break you get the benefit of the nanny
yet but this is the first holiday we
have two young kids and we both read
books this our first time here the
resort is amazing absolutely amazing yes
we did get a nanny yeah a regular
nannies kimoni and today's menu is
Roxanne but everybody everybody says you
know good morning how are you I mean oh
it's absolutely fabulous the general
manager is out everywhere I can't
believe me seven days a week we got here
on that Friday night yeah so we didn't
it was nothing to do friday night he
just got some drinks when it got to
sleep like that took us a day to get
oriented and organized but after that I
mean everybody's friendly
yeah you know everybody and it really is
a home away from home it's family yet
yeah oh yeah how do you guys feel about
having a nanny yeah I don't know her
nanny's really nice really nervous and
she helped us get shells and stuff okay
she helps us around so it gives your
friends a break yeah they like that yeah
what do you think of the resort it's
amazing ya later ly second day here
fella called him really so you're not
looking forward to going back home at
all get some water all right yeah it's
gonna miss page yeah no kidding